Welcome back in the previous step we configured ribbon we made ribbon distributed the load between two instances
of the currency exchange service.
So what ever service calls are coming from the currency calculation service.
We were able to use ribbon and distribute them between the currency exchange service one and two which were
running on ports eight thousand and eight thousand one respectively.
Let's assume that I would start up another instance of the currency exchange service let's call it currency
exchange service 3 and launch it up on eight thousand two will ribbon be able to distribute the load.
To it with things as they stand right now.
Think about it thing is if I would want ribbon to distribute the load to the new server I would need to add
it to the configuration.
So I would need to change my application configuration whenever a new server is created.
And that's not really good.
What I would want to be able to do is based on the load I would want to be able to increase and
decrease the number of instances of these services.
So I would want to be able to dynamically increase the currency exchange services or decrease them if
I have to keep on changing the configuration of currency calculations service based on how many currency
exchange services are active right.
Then it becomes very very difficult maintenance headache.
That's where the name services come in.
If the currency exchange service is running on a URL  xyz you don't want to hardcoded on
the currency calculation service because there might be a new instance of the currency exchange service
coming up or the existing instance might be going down and things like that rather than that we have
something called namings server.
All the instances of all micro services would register with the naming server.
Whenever an instance of a micro service comes up it would register itself Eureka naming
service this is called Service registration.
And whenever a service wants to talk to another service let's said the currency calculation Service wants to talk
to the currency exchange service what would it do.
It would talk to the name server and it would ask the name server what are the instances of the currency
exchange service that are currently running.
This is called.
Service discovery.
So the currency calculation Service is asking for the location of the currency exchange service the instances
of currency exchange service that is called service discovery.
The two important features of the naming server are service registration and service discovery at startup
of every application they would register with the naming server and whenever they want details of another
micro service they would a service discovery they'll say I want the details of service X Y Z.
Can you give me the details in the next step.
We would set up a naming server and have currency calculation service and the currency exchange service
connect to that until then bye bye.